breathing is difficult
we are having spaghetti
time to go shopping
love means many things
the power of denial
i agree with you
do not say anything
play it again sam
the dreamers of dreams
take a coffee break
starlight and dewdrop
the living is easy
fish are jumping
the cotton is high
round robin scheduling
my favorite web browser
call for more details
have a good weekend
buckle up for safety
user friendly interface
accompanied by an adult
see you later alligator
batman wears a cape
i hate baking pies
nobody cares anymore
peek out the window
be home before midnight
toss the ball around
he is shouting loudly
a most ridiculous thing
santa claus got stuck
rain rain go away
bad for the environment
we drive on parkways
we park in driveways
this system of taxation
we missed your birthday
the daring young man
stability of the nation
you have my sympathy
very reluctant to enter
he called seven times
drugs should be avoided
with each step forward
you must stay here